Add a mapping from edges to paths with the dummy nodes (#6)
oxinabox/LayeredLayouts.jl: README.md

This plots are from the examples in
[test/examples.jl](test/examples.jl), plotted via script in [test/demos.jl](test/demos.jl).

As you can see in the first plot below, pathing though the dummy nodes actually guarantees minimal number of crossings.
On the _tiny_depgaph_ example direct has 3 crossings, where as path through dummy node only 2).
However, it also doesn't actually always look as nice.

> It might look as nice if you used some swishy Bezier curves though.

Author: > It might look as nice if you used some swishy Bezier curves though.

I just found out that Plots exports `curves`, with it, the first example looks like this : 

![medium_pert_curved](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2031026/98481542-4f8bc500-21fb-11eb-9ba6-b249a8475950.png)

Reviewer: Nice!

Author: I don't know, it surely looks better but it doesn't help explaining what is returned in `paths`

Reviewer: What if we stick a scatter plot on top with big markers dummy nodes,
or insert the letter X in place of the node name for dummy nodes?

Reviewer: Or we could leave as is, maybe adding mention of the curves function in the comment in the readme?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It might nicer if you used some swishy Bezier curves though (Plots.jl has a [curves attribute](http://docs.juliaplots.org/latest/generated/graph_attributes/), and a matching function, which does this)
```
